sorry up to my pasta no I get ah hi cook
wash us you today you guys hear how to
rock Jenna it's Milo little dance
companies out there hi male multiple
Wi-Fi hub for their team on their
relation tener hi did I get it tomorrow
yeah this got a more we're all on yo end
of it all hi Rooney yo rubba taking a
woman there and you can join in and you
are a posh go Naruto sorry on gosh there
you go dance company power I need money
oh my bad hi would you be there hi cuz
they do it all yourself oh yeah is it
what job you did on that we will start
oh oh oh oh gosh toria hi test okay hey
maybe more though just cool like how you
made with the other Idol doc hey come on
sure not much you up stuff it now that
have long a walk looping over China oh
geez okay with you
people joining us for thousands of them
but he didn't always played their asses
never hi nope you up tomorrow ha ha
don't go stare hi oh oh hi sajal whoa
move over joy we're gonna grow overall
yeah kudos kudos Kate good over you have
it adami go go Tommy akamai goodbye
right oh the usual are we saw come to
warn me you come all this man is it
already not is there Tonto yah
she comes over today Annette I thought
of us how you even alter ego hi college
that I don't know so let's name